Hi Hargobind,
Please find my comments below for the queries
1) The value offered by Blockchain for our use case
Trusted Execution of smart contracts which ensures decentralized processing on the  data which is  critical. Leveraging Transparency and Immutability adds great value to trading applications when compared to existing systems 
2)  Details of the Blockchain Architecture, Smart Contracts, etc.
    

3) Additional Blockchain features (for instance trigger of trade, Blockchain & IoT inbuilt functionalities, etc.) that would make Blockchain robust for the Energy use case

Transparent, tamper-proof features of Blockhain enables us to design Secure System
4) Justification for using Sawtooth vs Fabric or Ethereum

Usecase requires complex business rules to be executed  which is tough to handle using solidity , as it was  primarily designed for Financial sector which includes payments and tokenization and private implementation of ethereum is not mature enough to handle our usecase.
Hyperledger Fabric is best fit for B2B applications which comprises of fixed less number of nodes.
Choosing Sawtooth was a better option here as It provides better interoperability with IoT devices compared to Fabric.

On Wed, Feb 19, 2020 at 2:12 PM Hargobind Gupta <hargobind@unboxinnovations.com> wrote:
Hi Arjun,Please fill in oneliners for the below questions. Please verify and edit the one already filled.

Please find the required info below
1) The value offered by Blockchain for our use case
Blockchain removes the requirement of the third party by manual intervention by replacing it with a smart contract which reads data from the smart IoT machine to execute the trade.
2)  Details of the Blockchain Architecture, Smart Contracts, etc.

3) Additional Blockchain features (for instance trigger of trade, Blockchain & IoT inbuilt functionalities, etc.) that would make Blockchain robust for the Energy use case
4) Justification for using Sawtooth vs Fabric or Ethereum

The Usecase requires a private enterprise Blockchain technology, this is the reason we eliminated Ethereum(It is a public blockchain)Choosing Sawtooth was a better option as It provides better interoperability with IoT devices compared to Fabric.


On Wed, Feb 19, 2020 at 10:38 AM Jeet Singh <jeet7420@gmail.com> wrote:
Hi Paras,
Below inputs are required from your side for blockchain documentation.
1) Value offered by Blockchain for our use case
2)  Details of the Blockchain Architecture, Smart Contracts etc.
3) Additional Blockchain features (for instance trigger of trade, Blockchain & IoT inbuilt functionalities etc.) that would make Blockchain robust for Energy use case
4) Justification for using Sawtooth vs Fabric or Ethereum

Apart from these, Srinivas had shared a documentation template with Swarnab. I am sharing the same again, let me know if you have any questions.
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1OpO0oQ0qcVK9HGYAYsRFDhiSUuxADtIt6iQxUOJq5Hs/edit

The points marked in red are not required as of now. Apart from this if there are any points which you feel are not relevant for the POC or might consume a lot of time please bring up the same in the sync up call today.
Also in the slides which you had put in the presentation earlier (flowchart), Srinivas has put in some comments which need to be addressed.
Please take a look at the flowchart and incorporate those changes as well.There is no change required as far as the design of the flowchart is concerned.
Thanks,Jeet